[Music]
the red light mean it's going
is move the Madhuri
true
with it all Andy's going to college can
you believe it mom I'm not leaving till
Friday what are you gonna do with these
old toys
[Music]
No
don't you get it with finished obsolete
over the hill now come on guys we all
knew this day was coming
we're getting thrown away no no one's
getting thrown away we ain't ever get
played with
hold on this is no time to be hysterics
the perfect time to be hysterical should
we be history yeah maybe but not right
now come on let's see how much we're
going for any big
[Music]
[Applause]
where's my toes
with bustin out of here Adri
and beyond so reset your buzz lightyear
insert the Takara Espana no yes return
of the Astro death
you